you you
So the fourth one might actually be the easiest to get going.
So this is the New World Screw Worm, which has the amazing scientific name of Cochleomyia hominivorex, the man devourer.
But it doesn't primarily eat humans.
It feeds indiscriminately on worm-blooded things, so mammals and birds.
And it is a bot fly that lays its eggs in open wounds, anything as small as a tick bite.
And it's called the screw worm because the larvae are screw-shaped and they drill their way into living flesh, devouring it.
And we know that it's horrendously painful because people get affected by this.
And the standard of treatment is you give them morphine immediately so that surgeons can cut the things out.
Because it's just that painful.
It's unbelievably agonizing.
So a billion animals are devoured alive by flesh-eating maggots every single year.
We even know that we can eradicate this species from at least many ecosystems and not see any effects because it used to be present in North America, too.
And we wiped it out.
American taxpayer dollars today contribute to the creation and maintenance of a living wall of sterile screwworm flies released in Southern Panama that prevents the South American screwworm from re-invading North America.
But there's too many of them in South America to wipe out by that means.
And so the way forward is obviously gene drive.
Uruguay suffers, they lose about 0.1% of their total country's GDP.
to the screwworm.
But from an animal wellbeing perspective, in addition to the human development, typical lifetime of an insect species is several million years.
So 10 to the sixth years times 10 to the ninth hosts per year means an expected 10 to the 15th mammals and birds devoured alive by flesh-eating maggots.
For comparison, if we continue factory farming for another 100 years, that would be 10 to the 13th broiler hens and pigs.
So unless it's 100 times worse to be a factory-farmed broiler hen than it is to be devoured alive by flesh-eating maggots, then when you integrate over the future, it is more important for animal well-being that we eradicate the new world screw room from the wild than it is that we end factory farming tomorrow.
Oh, the next thing that I want to say is our lack of biological knowledge and the general poor health of the, of America, of the American people is being used to create the crisis.
They need to divide and conquer us to ruin maybe America.
I don't know.
Crash the dollar.
Steal the rest of our, our, what limited treasury value we have left.
I don't know, but I know for sure.
that they are combining our lack of biological knowledge and our general society's lack of good health and access to health care to create a crisis to usher in all kinds of changes that would otherwise never be necessary, and more importantly, never be possible.
If you think about it, you know, if we're defining vaccine really liberally, and these COVID vaccines are vaccines, the flu vaccine is vaccine, okay.
But actually, they're kind of cheating when they're calling these things vaccines.
And, you know, anything with really rapidly fading efficacy, such that you need shots within a year, you know, Canada's saying nine months, is as actually J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
picture, your name and lights above it.
This is your big debut.
It's like a dream come true.
And when your smile goes down, oh, they're gonna love it.
I like your pin shot.
I keep it when you're mad.
you see it
in your ladder
You see it all
you you
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Actually, good afternoon.
It's 12.30 p.m.
in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
We have been running circles around these people over the last couple weeks.
And although our consciousness does remain the prime real estate that everybody's trying to compete for your attention, really,
We are winning.
I can feel the momentum changing.
I can see their messaging changing.
They keep speeding up their script and it's just not working.
And more and more people are starting to see that we have been under the influence of charlatans for
More than a few years now, more like decades, and it's only because of our acquiescence to social media that we start to see this concerted effort to create an illusion of consensus that can trap us, instead of trying to inform us about what would have gotten us out, like intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb,
Transfection in healthy humans will always criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic because viruses are not pattern integrities.
These ideas are going to be continued to be ignored because they still want our kids to grow up believing that there was a mystery virus that explains these excess deaths when in reality it was just murder.
There is no evidence of spread because it was murder.
And if you want to see spread, you got to see the spread of bad ideas or the lack thereof, the lack of good ideas spreading around like fighting for strict liability or our Seventh Amendment rights.
I think we need a new consensus about the vaccine schedule in America.
I think we need a new consensus about transfection and I think we need a new consensus about the basics of molecular biology and RNA because then we will be indeed out of this illusion of consensus because again only if we
allow these people to be the thought leaders.
And if we allow them to put thoughts in our head, is it possible for them to maintain this limited spectrum of debate?
And this basically defines the totalitarianism.
It defines this trap that we're in.
These acolytes and their concerted efforts at lying are really where we are.
And so weaponized piles of money have convinced us who to argue with and what to argue about.
And participating in their argument has accepted, just by the way it works, we have accepted the premise of their narrative.
And that's how we got sucked into the Scooby-Doo mystery of the lab leak or the novel virus.
And by getting sucked into that original Scooby-Doo with the early treatment and with the spike protein, we are essentially, we're lost and trapped in this mythology thinking that if we just, you know, fought with the right people or got on board or retweeted the right people that we would be fighting against Fauci and Ralph Baric and USAID and EcoHealth Alliance and the Communist Party of China.
And this is all part of their theater.
And engaging with their argument has always been the way they trapped us.
And unfortunately, I got trapped while I was trying to work for tenure at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine as a patch clamp physiologist.
This is me in all my get up trying to make it in academia.
There's a long history of my work in academia where you can just see how
dedicated and productive I was with regard to trying to become a tenured biology professor.
I really loved teaching and I really wanted to do that and so one of the only things that I could think of at the beginning of the pandemic when this all went south was to start teaching online and that's what I did.
And that has evolved into a PeerTube channel, which is just basically a YouTube clone that anyone can log on to.
You don't need an account.
There are clips there that are produced by Jeff from Earth, one of the biggest supporters of the stream, who also dedicates a lot of time, as does Ted, who has maintained this
this set of federated social media instances for me and us.
The courses that I'm working on, trying to get going, but not with as much momentum as I wanted to, but that's going to change, I promise.
There's so much going on right now.
There's the books that we're trying to read and push, and there's also material available on my website, GigaOMBiological.com.
at the stuff link at the bottom.
The Batcave is an archive of videos and Housatonic, Mark Kulak out of Boston is uploading a lot of his most recent stuff there as well.
So it's kind of a one-stop shop for a lot of this stuff.
I haven't gotten around to putting Joe Marshall's stuff there or any of the really good stuff that Scott Shara of deprogramming with Grace's dad has been putting up on Rumble.
And I should apologize for that, but there's a limited space on that server.
Jeff's working really hard.
I'm working really hard.
Maybe we want to grow a little slowly.
And so I'm going to keep promoting those guys and keep telling you to go to Rumble and subscribe and watch them and share their work, especially the work that you
You find there that you think is really great.
Hi, my name is Jonathan Cooley I'm coming to you live from the back of my garage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It's 1234.
Sorry.
I'm late, but at least I'm here I've got a pretty good quick agenda today that I want to get through and so I'll just fade the music out We are always on this starship when we start because in reality We are in fact
By acquiescing to social media, we are also on a sort of simulation, a little set, if you will, with a lot of really fancy props.
And so for a long while, we were fooled because, of course, at the beginning of the pandemic, we were told to go home.
And we were told that the battle was on social media, the battle for truth, the battle for information.
Because, you know, the mainstream media wasn't going to tell us.
Ouchie wasn't going to go on TV and tell us.
And so we went on X and we went on these other platforms to try and find the truth.
And by engaging in this battle, we thought we were going to get through the pandemic together despite what these governments were going to cover up.
And that was all an elaborate illusion that has been extended for five years now by those people
on X who pretended to be listening to us but have never been able to come to these biologically almost certainties.
They haven't been able to come to these things in 10 or 12 years of trying.
And so the only way to explain that is that a lot of these people are cooperating with a lot of those people to govern us by a mythology.
And that governance is almost completely enabled now and overwhelmingly done through the use of social media.
And so I think it's just so vital for everyone to self-assess what's really going on here with regard to social media and how you use it.
Because there is a certain reality here.
You only got about 30,000 thoughts that can go through the space between your ears and reach consciousness every day.
And of those 30,000 thoughts, if you surrender any significant portion of them to social media or the liars that are coordinatingly acting on social media, then it is almost inevitable that you will not arrive at a truth which can save your grandchildren from enslavement.
I know that sounds nuts, but that's where we are.
And that's why there's a very specific cadre of people that is capable of debating within this limited spectrum of debate about the fact that the COVID shots are bad, so long as we don't talk about what they were doing before 2020 and in 2020.
And the reason why is because there needed to be a coordinated group of people in order to make sure that none of us would ever come to the realization that, wait, I saw that on the news a decade ago.
I saw people talking about that on TNT, some kind of special with some guy named Ted Turner was talking about how the population pyramid was going to have a bunch of old people in a few years, and this might bankrupt America if we're not careful.
and that end-of-life care is really expensive, yada, yada, yada.
They knew there was going to be an increase in all-cause mortality, and they knew that if it wasn't carefully managed, it could potentially really hurt a lot of Western nations.
There's also good reason to believe in your common sense of the brain, a corner of your brain that's almost ignored completely when you're on social media, that China probably has the same problem, and that's why they have a one-child policy.
I mean, it's also a consequence of a one-child policy, of course, that you get this inverted pyramid.
And these data that we are looking at here, we have no reason to believe that these are the honest-to-goodness numbers.
And the worst that this little bump of old people coming up to the top at retirement age a few years ago that everybody was worried about would bankrupt Social Security and Medicare,
If that bump is bigger than what they say, if they've concealed it on purpose in order to use it for all kinds of things, don't let a crisis go to waste, then you can also see why all these nations were so coordinated on it, because they all had the same problem.
They didn't all have to murder people in 2020 in order to get this illusion to stick.
They just all had to agree to ignore the murder that occurred in America.
the murder by opioids, the murder by sickness, the murder by poisoning, the murder by environmental toxins and the murder by the vaccine schedule, which any of these Western nations and any of these Western nations doctors like Dutch doctors or English doctors or French doctors could have just looked at the publicly published vaccine schedule in America and could have said, holy shit, that's weird.
We don't do that in France.
that's weird we don't do that in Norway but was there ever a doctor in Norway or in Sweden or in Scotland or in the UK or anywhere that was you know rising in popularity and leading a movement to say what in the hell are they doing in America
given so many shots so much earlier than we give even if we just look at the total number of shots it's pretty frightening but then we look at the calendar and when they give them and it's actually pretty different.
Why do they do that?
Why isn't there an international doctor after five years in this?
Why isn't there an international doctor saying that?
Why not one?
And the reason why is because they all have the same problem.
Because they all, to a certain extent, have been using the vaccine schedule as a way to get in front of this, as a way to slowly erode the sovereignty of their own citizens.
They all have the same problem.
And so once the United States decided how it was going to solve its problem and had the cooperation of some of its allies, what could China do but go along with it?
Because, you know, they don't have to murder anybody, but, you know.
What are they going to do?
Spoil it and say, oh no, they're just murdering people because they have this inverted population pyramid.
Then they would call the attention to this problem in their own country and all the other countries.
This is the heart of it.
And the list of ways that through protocols and what seems like common sense, you know, if it says you're low in your pulse ox, then you might as well give them oxygen.
I mean, it comes in bottles.
It is long day to see.
Hacking court.
Accident.
Etcetera.
Who's the lot?
C'est pas ou.
La dible.
Acquiesce.
never let a crisis go to waste for free reign never let a crisis go to waste and so in 2020 there were people that were put in place in order to control the narrative about all these stories which are in reality elaborate illusions elaborate
little compartmentalized debates that nobody could cover all of these.
And so each little actor had a little subset that they would juggle between two or three of them.
And all this did was really get all these rumors and things circulating in the consciousness of people around the world.
The noosphere, if you will, was polluted with tidbits of a narrative that would have essentially covered for all the potential problems of a transfection to any new protein.
And since their plan was to use this obviously terrible vaccine schedule to admit that, you know, some of these things weren't as good as they could have been.
But now that we know so much more about our genome, and now that we got really lucky by saving millions of lives with a transfection, albeit one that was contaminated with some DNA or some endotoxin or some glass, at some point we're going to be able to figure this out.
you know, serendipitously improve our vaccine schedule by several orders of magnitude because we're going to go to this unbelievable platform called transfection or nobody can call it that.
This is just new genetic vaccines.
Genetic vaccines.
Not transformations using adenovirus or transfections using naked DNA or RNA.
No, no.
We're just going to be talking about these as a new platform for vaccination.
And we've already seeded a narrative where there's this background endemic virus that has so many of the similar sort of outcomes in the worst case scenario as transfection would.
And of course, we have five years of discussion already seeded about the spike protein and its properties, and there's all kinds of spike protein everywhere, and it's being shed, and it's in the environment.
And so all of these narratives are present that can be very easily misconstrued as something other than what they are.
And that's why all of these people agreed that the worst case scenario was endemicity, so that for the first two years, we could
feign a struggle against endemicity.
The goal was called zero COVID and people as diverse as Tony Fauci and Brett Weinstein discussed the feasibility of zero COVID as we progressed, as we realized that people weren't going to accept mandates, as we realized that not everybody was going to take the shot, as we realized that not everybody was going to wear masks all the time, it became very obvious that we're running out of time before endemicity
occurs.
And of course, endemicity is indistinguishable from a background if you don't have any data from before the pandemic.
If you had absolutely no idea that there were any cars on earth, and then you started counting cars wherever you saw them, starting in January of 2020, it would sure seem like cars were spreading everywhere.
And if that's the story that you wanted to tell with your observations as they poured in, you could tell that story.
It would be very disingenuous, of course, but you could tell that story.
Could call your neighbor up and say, oh my gosh, you can't believe it, but there's...
And so let's just go back to 2022 and remember what I've suggested already at the end of the UK doctors thing that the immune system uses retroviruses, which would fall into this fraction where you spin down in a sucrose gradient at the very, very bottom.
You have these little tiny particles with RNA and DNA in them.
That's where all these baddies are found.
That's where Metobiota made all of their discoveries.
That's where Peter Daszak are looking for all of their viruses.
And that's also where everyone that discusses and looks for exosomes also looks for their signal.
And it is from this layer of a sucrose gradient that people are then PCR-ing up signals that they say are representative of the whole signal that is somewhere in that fraction, isolated by a sucrose gradient.
And one of the things that's in there is exosomes.
And early in the pandemic, just to narrate this a little bit, you could find videos of Andy Kaufman talking about how virology is a lie because of exosomes, because there are exosomes, because cells
send packet signals of DNA and RNA and we don't really know much about it, it's very hard for anyone to make statements about electron micrographs where they say that they see viral-like particles because we know that there is a preponderance of exosomal signaling thought to be present
both in diseased tissue and healthy tissue and so to look under a microscope and see those structures and then automatically decide that they are coronavirus instead of any number of other things that would expect it to be in that preparation is disingenuous.
And Andy Kaufman was saying that in 2020 and then he stopped somewhere in, I don't know, October or something and never said it again.
Then it just became cellular garbage and they went into this
I don't know, all these theories and all these different models for what happens instead.
And so they offered up all kinds of other false models, insufficient models of what's going on here that sort of don't get you to the finish line.
And at first I didn't understand, but now in retrospect, I really see it, that that's the reason why that whole discussion went away.
But would it just shock you?
if Robert Malone in 2022 would have been on the Glenn Beck program and just said like he said in 2021 that when coronaviruses replicate that the vast majority of the particles like almost all of them are replication incompetent because they have errors or they're incomplete or there was a recombination event that just ended in stunt this
This is all part and parcel for them titrating us to the truth that these illusions exist and the implications of them, including all of the public health measures that we thought were right, all of the illusions about the Human Genome Project.
They're all going to be revealed, but titrated in such a way to control, demolish the American culture or whatever is left of it, where
people don't see each other's color of their skin.
And they are more united because they're wearing the same baseball cap and cheer for the same football team than they are united like they are now by their skin color or some party that they think they're a member of.
So would it surprise you?
We're going to try to do something a little different today.
I want to open up the floor for the people who have been shut out of this incredibly important discussion.
Oh, no, wait.
You, the audience.
We're going to try to squeeze some calls in.
I've got tons of questions from social media.
OK, so I got to go forward here.
I want you to be in the interview seat.
This is the, unfortunately, I guess I put the whole video in here.
So I know where it is.
It's right around 116.
So I'm just going to forward to one hour and 16 in.
And if you want to, I think this video is actually just on YouTube.
So, you know, it's apparently not that dangerous.
And so that should tell you everything you need to know, but I'm going to go to about 115 and put it right here.
use?
Military communications, for sure.
It's, you know, this means unjammable encoded information that can be simultaneous.
The battlefield landscape means to restrict the communications landscape in the modern
battlefield environment right and so that's the the quantum communication has got has got all of us a little bit spooked and they're all over it okay so let's because i got a bunch of questions let's see if we can go rapid fire as much as we can um this is probably one of the bigger questions that we saw over and over and over again um uh vaccine shredding
What is it?
Conspiracy shredding?
Shedding.
Yeah.
Conspiracy theory or real second-hand science?
You love to tell stories.
I'm sorry, I can't ever be brief.
That's all right.
I got called from the UK by a group of men, young men once, about
having sexual intercourse with women that have been vaccinated and they were worried about the shedding story.
And back then I was like, guys, you got a bigger problem than to worry about this.
OK.
And in the spectrum of things to worry about.
What is it?
So the logic is, the concern is that the spike antigen can be transmitted through body fluids or through aerosols to third parties.
So you had this observation of women with their menstrual periods.
where they seem to be being altered when some of them have received vaccination in a group.
The synchronization of menstruation in women is a fascinating thing and it absolutely happens.
The synchronization of women's menstrual cycle is fascinating and it actually happens.
No explanation for how.
It's fascinating though.
Oh my gosh.
I'm so fascinated by it.
That's why I have lots of women living in my house because I love the synchronous synchrony.
It's just so cool.
No explanation, but listen to how he goes on.
So I was of the opinion that this was not likely to be clinically significant.
And the logic was that some of this could be aerosolized by exosomes, which are absolutely secreted in your lung.
exosomes are absolutely secreted in your lung now go figure now doesn't that mean then that if you could get RNA into your lung tissue into your epithelium of your lungs that if they're excreting exosomes anyway if they're releasing exosomes anyway which are lipid coated particles with
genetic information in them, then it wouldn't be crazy if they packaged some of this viral RNA up and released it.
Or maybe just RNA that they were exposed to, you know, like a transfection.
I think it's absolutely remarkable.
that in an hour and 15 minutes into an interview like this, he just randomly throws out there that it definitely, your lungs excrete exosomes.
Well, why in the hell would they do that?
And if my kids were excreting exosomes that encoded something that got me and my immune system a little fired up, would that be like a kind of contagious thing where
Like for a brief period of time, maybe my son can signal to other people's immune system and they might get a runny nose or a cough.
Is it possible that some of those signals could be more contagious than others so that maybe you get two people transmitting?
Would it be ridiculous to think that?
Of course not.
But that's still not RNA pandemicking.
That doesn't erase the fact that the only place where you can make any meaningful quantity of a pure RNA that represents anything that's readable, detectable, quantifiable, and sequenceable, the only way to make that is with artificial means.
You can't dig for it or purify it from the wild with a filter.
And so the illusion needs to be sustained by people who understand its borders intimately, not just kinda.
That's why the no virus position is so dangerous because it is maintained by people who understand its limits.
and make sure to always turn you around in such a way so that you're never actually walking in the direction that will reveal that, oh my gosh, this is just a very tiny little platform of an idea with no connection to anything else.
And in the meantime, these groups of people on television and on social media for the NIH and for DITRA are gonna slowly titrate Americans to the idea that they've been lying about a lot of stuff
without actually usefully questioning what the implications of those lies are.
You know, that they've been stealing or siphoning billions of dollars away from us for decades and funneling it into programs which are essentially all bent on the same thing, which is sort of cracking the genetic code of life on earth and humans in particular.
in a way to change into a new age where they could control our evolution.
And all these people are in on it.
All these people love this idea, or at least want to be a part of the eventual manifestation of this idea, even if it isn't in their generation.
They think they are the smart elite that are elite enough to understand books like this
elite enough to understand how mankind is governed and imagine themselves worthy of sitting at the table that does that governance as we get rid of nation-states, move out of the time of nations.
Ladies and gentlemen, just to kind of give you the kind of hole I've dug for myself here, this is
Teilhard Desjardins with Christianity and Evolution.
This is Teilhard Desjardins with Hymn of the Universe.
This is Desjardins with Man's Place in Nature.
Man's Place in Nature, I think, is the book that starts with the funny beginning.
No, that's not the right one.
Heart of the Matter, another book by Pierre.
Human Energy, interesting title, also by Desjardins, the Jesuit dude that everybody thinks is a genius, except for the church during his day.
The Future of Man, which is also an interesting book, and I think maybe more interesting than The Phenomenon of Man.
And Building the Earth, and Building the Earth is the one that starts out with a very interesting, whoops, sorry,
Very interesting poem.
And that poem is, the age of nations is past, the task before us now, if we would not perish, is to build the earth.
And when we're talking about the earth with these people, what we're talking about is this collective consciousness, this world culture, which will eventually morph into a kind of world religion,
where we worship the sun or creation or something like that and their creator becomes this amorphous thing that manifests in individual people or something like that.
And I don't like this idea.
I don't like this idea at all.
It feels very, very wrong and inverted.
And it's starting to freak me out a little bit that so many of these people seem to be cooperating on this particular tip.
And that's what frightens me a lot.
So here, if we resume his- So that was what people were talking about.
There are these really odd observations of breast
feeding babies in adverse events.
And so I thought all of this was just noise.
And then this cell paper came out showing this high level of spike protein expression.
And now I've had to revise my position.
So where I'm at right now is that it is technically possible.
So where he's at right now, a year after he came out and claimed to be the authority on these technologies,
A year after he came out on the Brett Weinstein podcast and started the Unity Project and advised the FLCCC in 2020, all this stuff has happened.
And in 2022, he's now had to revise his stance on the potential for exosomes to carry a transfected protein out into the environment and potentially expose other people to it.
And since we know that exosomes are produced by other tissues, that's the reason why Pfizer in their documents had within these transfections a warning of not to have sex with anybody because of course it could be in your sweat, in your vaginal secretions, in your semen, this kind of thing.
And so this discussion here should be evidence for you that this is just a titration.
Are you really willing to believe that in 2020 he didn't know that?
when he claims simultaneously that he lost or gave up or just, you know, gave up on these patents already years ago.
But he knows all about them and he still holds the patent for genetic vaccines.
Are you really willing to believe that in 2020 he didn't know this?
That in 2021, he didn't know it.
And that in 2022, he's just figuring it out.
The same way that you're willing to believe that he innocently started the domain server with Ditra and innocently identified four repurposed drugs, including ivermectin.
innocently tried to push for clinical trials on these drugs and published papers and took money because he really just wanted to help people until he finally realized they were going to roll out transfections and then in 2021 he still didn't understand so he took one no wait two
that he then forgot to bring his vaccine card to Rome with him when he went there with Stephen Hadfield, who's about to be mentioned right now.
And in 2022, he's just figuring out that sometimes transfection results in protein expression and those proteins can be shed by exosomes.
Stop lying.
and in a variety of body fluids, and we don't need to go down that list on a G-rated show.
I think we got it.
But the studies must be done now.
That's my opinion.
and they are technically possible.
But isn't that cool?
The studies must be done now.
So, you know, it's too bad really that we needed these studies because the human genome product realized that we weren't going to learn jack until we had access to and the ability to genetically manipulate
some humans and then see what happens.
Because when we do it in mice, we're not learning anything for ourselves.
When we do it in inbred mice, we learn even less.
I mean, Bret Weinstein knows that.
So this is the magnificent illusion that needs breaking, that these people, rather than titrating us slowly to the truth and getting us to inadvertently accept that the U.S.
just needs to be controlled, demolished, because we're just 40 years of bad country,
Instead of us trying to fight to take back our country, to reorganize our schools, to reorganize our communities, they want us to acquiesce to this idea that, well, America might as well just be burnt down to the studs, and we might as well just, you know, maybe we can organize under the UN.
...able to be done, and it's on this long list of stuff that ought to be being done and isn't.
What is your thought on pediatric vaccines?
Oh, well, that's been a bedrock position of mine all the way along, which is no.
Yeah.
The risk benefit ratio.
And so keep in mind that they're choosing the language very carefully.
Glenn said, what is your position on childhood vaccines?
And that was pretty gray, right?
Because there were people that were against the childhood vaccine schedule before the pandemic.
Vaxxed, the movie, came out before the pandemic.
Vaxxed 2 came out before the pandemic.
CHD formed a few years before the pandemic.
Mary Holland took control of CHD a couple years before the pandemic.
Do you see what I'm trying to get at here?
This completely upside down, particularly for mandated.
There is the possible exception of those children that are at very high risk for death.
Who does he mention?
Basically, as my friend Hatfield put it rather bluntly the other day, these are kids that are going to die anyhow.
So, you know, advanced cancers, advanced cystitis.
Now remember, Stephen Hatfield in 2020 was on TV and on podcasts telling people that they should wear a rubber apron.
if they go into the room with their kid and their kid is positive for COVID, a rubber apron.
And that when you come into the house, it might be a good idea to take all of your clothes off in the garage.
Steven Hatfield, the guy who's been on the Tommy podcast a few times.
Steven Hatfield, the guy who was on stage in November of 2023 with Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Jill Glasspool Malone and Nick Hudson and Steven Hatfield and Denny Rancor, Jessica Rose, Brett Weinstein in Romania for whatever COVID summit that was.
Four?
Five?
I don't know.
The sixth one just happened in Japan.
all the same people decided to go.
I don't know, maybe I'll try this again to see if there's anything more.
Cystic fibrosis, things like that.
So for healthy children, there is no justification for these genetic vaccines in that the logs on that fire are getting more and more and it's going higher.
More and more and going higher and higher is titrating.
He could have told us this in 2020.
He could have told us in 2021 when he was on the Brett Weinstein podcast with Steve Kirsch and he didn't.
And he's still not really saying it here in this video in 2022.
So what you need to see is this emu breeder, horse dealer, horse dress up guy, consultant and private contractor for Ditra.
Long time consultant for the WHO and the DOD.
This guy is not saving us.
This guy is not saving Bobby Kennedy.
This guy's not informing Bobby Kennedy usefully.
If Merrill Nass is cooperating with him to fool Bobby Kennedy about me, then we are in big trouble, but also very close.
And that's why I'm always banging on this door.
It's not because I don't like this guy, because this is the only thing standing between me and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
If Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
were to just sit down with me and Robert Malone over breakfast at Denny's, by the end of the pancakes on my plate, Robert Malone would have shot at me like Greedo and Han Solo on the table.
It would have been over.
because that's the only solution in that scenario.
We can't have a conversation.
And when we were offered a conversation on the Defender podcast, it was necessary for me not to present for more than seven minutes.
And then Robert Malone, Meryl Nass, Jessica Rose, and Tess Laurie were the audience, and also Robert F. Kennedy Jr., the audience that discussed my seven-minute presentation.
which at the time was pretty baller.
Like it was pretty spot on.
And he 100% ignored it.
Merrill 100% ignored it.
Tess Laurie was confused and Jessica Rose had nothing to say.
We are very close, ladies and gentlemen, to a serious, serious upsetting of their apple cart if we can get this information to somebody of consequence.
Now, it doesn't mean that in the end, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is going to succeed in saving us or that he's going to turn into the good guy that we always hoped he would be.
And the same thing is not necessarily true for Trump.
But the point would be that at a certain moment, at a certain threshold of understanding, at a certain point when everybody starts to, the common knowledge of Robert Malone's role in this starts to become so overwhelming that they can no longer refer to him.
And that anybody that did refer to him is in sort of immediate state of, you know, location of dubiousness.
That would be wonderful.
Can you imagine if anybody that associated with Sasha Latapova was immediately associated with Soph and Alex Jones and all of that history that everybody wants to ignore?
Because then anybody that was promoting Sasha Latapova would become incredibly dubious because wait a minute, none of these people have lost anything.
None of these people have risked anything.
Can you imagine that Sasha Latupova's daughter lost her million subscriber YouTube channel just before the pandemic because she threatened to kill the YouTube CEO?
And that's what's got her on Alex Jones.
And you want to believe that just at the same time it's a coinkydink that now she was on stage with Robert Malone in Sweden, and on stage with Meryl Nass in Sweden, and on stage with Asim Malhotra in Sweden?
That's not possible.
Any more than it is possible that Jay Bhattacharya has been talking to me yearly and monthly sometimes for the past couple years and insists that he's just not sophisticated enough to evaluate my biology and has told me several times in person to my face to leave Robert Malone alone.
And now just very recently on the Dr. Drew show, the mother of Soph,
and Jay Bhattacharya discussed this stuff and self-replicating RNA or something like that.
We are at a crucial moment where everybody who has the guts to just look for a second and open your eyes and whatever you see there, you just process it.
If you just open your eyes, you can see them right now.
And so we can put them in a situation where either they're gonna have to admit that they're working together or ignore us and then admit that they're working together.
Or someone's gonna have to publicly come out and say, oh my gosh, these people fooled me and be like me.
not necessarily promoting me, I don't care, but they would be realized that the right thing to do was to turn on these people, to turn on these orchestrators of the narrative, these people who were put in place on social media that are in place right now that are being used to push Donald Trump into the White House.
Maybe they're just demonstrating to Donald Trump how powerful they are, how much control they can have and how much influence they can have so that when he gets the presidency, they can have more influence than the other people behind the scenes.
I don't know.
But I know right now for sure that something besides a spontaneous group of people coming to our rescue in hopes to free our grandchildren is happening right now.
That is so far from the truth.
Go higher and higher.
And so we have this list.
I strongly recommend that you go to Paul Alexander's sub stack.
I guess you have to subscribe to read it.
If that's true, then you have to send him an email and tell him how stupid that is.
But he's he's promoting the UK doctor's presentation, which you can find on PeerTube and watch and on my Twitch and watch.
And it will be a sub stack very soon where we we talk about these questions and why they're important And so I encourage you to go check that out So let's just watch a couple videos here to make sure that we understand what's going on this one You've seen a couple times now.
This is Steve
are safe and effective, you should go get yours.
Because that's not what the news media should be doing.
They should be reporting on what's actually happening and pointing out to people that side effects do occur and that they should always, before getting any medical intervention, understand the risks and the benefits.
Now, for all vaccines, it turns out that the, except in extremely rare cases, like, you know, maybe this one might have been a case, but I really don't think so.
In pretty much every case I know about, the benefits of vaccination never outweigh the risk, and people should always be refusing vaccination.
We've been telling people that for a long time.
Okay, so you do that and people don't listen.
Nobody should ever take another vaccine.
No, people should not take any of the vaccine.
And so you see the language chosen is on purpose vague so that the previous criminal vaccine schedule, the lack of strict liability, and the difference between the vaccine schedule in America, both in quantity and in calendar, between America and the rest of the Western world,
is never brought up by any of these people, yet these are the most succinct and biologically relevant pieces of evidence to show that the vaccine schedule in America is particularly criminal and may be evidence that all vaccine schedules in the Western world are essentially criminal.
But nobody, nobody from another country is able to say it and rise in the media and for me to see.
Nobody in America that is promoted by any of these people is actually saying it.
And here, Stu Peters is trying to say it, but of course, Stu Peters discredits himself for a million other reasons.
and by promoting a million other people without enough scrutiny to know.
So even if he gets it right in the presence of Steve Kirsch, the net result is not good.
vaccines that are currently approved.
There may be a time, Stu, in five years from now, that they actually have a safe vaccine.
No, there won't.
We can't rule that out.
And that's why Bobby Kennedy says he's not anti-vaccine.
They make billions and billions of dollars off of every one of these shots.
So that's why he says that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is not anti-vaccine.
There may be a time.
Now, do you think that that's a rare opinion?
Is that not Steve Kirsch speaking for this entire crew?
Because I think it is.
He's speaking for Brett Weinstein.
He's speaking for Robert Malone.
He's speaking on behalf of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
He's speaking on behalf of all of these doctors who wouldn't question vaccines for real.
Like, not the technology.
Not the technology or the idea of vaccines, of course.
It's brilliant.
It's just that the actual manifestation of the idea has been imperfect.
And so that's what I see in this video.
I see extremely rare cases like this one.
It might've been okay for the old people means that he's fine with what they did.
It's just unfortunate that they made some mistakes.
And we're not talking about the old vaccine schedule, even though, of course, Steve has done lots of stuff on X, where he's talked about unvaccinated kids.
He's talked about the Amish.
And so it's not like he doesn't know.
So you can even see more of how he's a liar, because if you go onto his Twitter and look over the last couple months, you can see him talking about the Amish and they don't have any,
They don't have any problems.
And talking about unvaccinated kids, because they don't have any problems.
And yet here, when Stu Peters gives him a chance, tees it up, go ahead, hit it out of the park, he qualified it instantly.
And qualified it in exactly the same way that the owner of X qualified it on Tucker Carlson.
I think it's fair to say, even if I hated it, I would say this because it's true, it's been pivotal in American politics.
Yeah.
And in American society.
Do you think they could shut you down if the Democrats continue to hold power?
They will unequivocally try.
Yeah.
And if they get a majority in the Senate and House and the presidency, then they can simply pass a law and delete Section 230.
Simply make us liable for what anyone says on a platform with, at this point, almost 600 million monthly active users.
I mean, okay, I don't want to be too much of a shit, but I have never met an extremely intelligent person who can't talk.
And one of the things that really bugs me about Elon Musk is that he can't talk.
He can't put a coherent sentence together ever, nevermind a couple, three in a row that you're like, wow, that guy's a wizard.
It just doesn't happen.
It's actually quite miraculous how little good footage you can find of this guy sounding smart.
It's always just an average guy.
This is no different than a dude you might meet at the bar, no pun intended and no insult meant.
But we're supposed to believe that because of his massive genius, you know, like the size of a hot air balloon, his massive genius is why he has this massive pile of wealth and all these massively successful companies.
And that's an illusion.
That is a governance lie that is being perpetuated by him and his rich buddies that are using social media like X and Locals and Telegram
to better control groups of people, to keep people separate, swimming in separate little schools of thought, little limited spectrum of debate here and there and everywhere.
And no matter which one you bounce around in, you're never gonna come to the conclusion that you're still not out.
You're gonna at some point feel comfortable that you've found people that are fighting for what you fighting for.
And that's, that's the end.
And that's what these people are doing.
That's what Tucker's helping him do, because they all want to be on the team that's governing us.
They all want to be on the ruler's team.
Of course you do.
Once you know there are only two teams, you definitely want to be on their team.
That's why there are no choices here.
That's why it's as diverse as Peter McCullough all the way to Elon Musk, because they all want to be on this team.
And nobody that's in front of us right now and active on stage is actually paying for the show.
Nobody.
Those people that are running it for real are not visible to us.
You can just call them the overclass or something like that.
And Elon Musk is one of the few public facing representatives of the overclass, but the overclass is very difficult to identify on purpose.
Yeah.
Which is impossible.
That's like trying to regulate speech in a country.
Yeah, a big country.
Yeah, you'd just be instantly bankrupt.
And so if he had to regulate free speech on his platform or he had to control it on his platform, it would bankrupt him because it's so many users and it's just so difficult.
And so the illusion, the enchantment that they're casting here right now is that this thing is so big
that the, you know, they can barely understand how the AI works.
And it's just this big, you know, giant fireball of smoke and lightning that's going like this.
And they can just barely hold on.
And every once in a while, they send a programmer in there to tweak something, but then they got to pull them out quick before he gets ground up by it.
And so they want you to believe that Twitter or X is this conglomeration of thinking and actively interacting people.
And that for the most part, Elon is just making it easier for these people to interact and trying as best he can for the best ideas to rise up.
take control of those best ideas to profit from them, or take control of those ideas to make sure that they never became something that would make people break out of this control mechanism.
He would never do anything like that with any of this data.
He's just trying to facilitate free speech.
And Tucker wants you to believe that.
Brett Weinstein wants you to believe that.
Alexandros Mernos wants you to believe that.
All of these Elon Musk fans want you to believe that.
That this very average intelligence guy is capable of running all these very incredible companies with all these very incredible lofty goals.
And it has nothing to do with military contracts, nothing to do with military technologies, nothing to do with any of that.
It's just all stuff that him and his engineers pull out of their head.
But I bet they wouldn't withdraw legal immunity from the vaccine makers at the same time, would they?
No.
That's unlikely.
Just, I mean, as long as we're withdrawing legal liability protection.
So the legal liability protection for social media is now being equated to the legal liability that pharmaceutical companies that produce vaccines are also protected by.
It's an equivalence.
But they're willing to take away the strict liability of, or they're willing to impose strict liability on
social media, but not impose strict liability on vaccines.
Did they say strict liability?
Did you hear strict liability?
I don't think they said that, even though that would technically be the legal term for it in America.
That's unlikely.
Just, I mean, as long as we're withdrawing legal liability protection.
Oh, legal liability protection.
Is that what it is?
Oops, sorry.
Is that what that is?
Legal liability protection?
Because I'm not really sure that's the way it would be phrased if you were a lawyer.
I'm not sure that's what you would write in a court document.
And do you see why that's important?
Because if you don't use the right words,
to evoke the right idea or the right concept, then people will never connect the dots.
And it'll feel like you're connecting the dots because he said liability, but the term in legal ease is strict liability.
or indemnification, right?
They're indemnified from the requirement.
So there are words that they could use and they're not using them, that's my point.
Yeah, a big country.
Yeah, it'd just be instantly bankrupt.
But I bet they wouldn't withdraw legal immunity from the vaccine makers at the same time, would they?
No, that's unlikely.
Just, I mean, as long as we're withdrawing legal liability protection.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, the whole vaccine debate is a long one.
You know, I'm not actually, I'm not anti-vaccine in general.
I think we want to exercise caution with use of vaccines, but in the absence of vaccines, there'll be a lot more, I think, people that have died.
Does he sound convinced to you?
He laughs like that guy, that dude with the glasses in Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark.
This is absolutely absurd.
He doesn't even know really how to say it because he knows it's a lie.
So it comes out awkward and it comes out without real, real good by, I mean, this is a guy who supposedly has enough biological background to build a surgical robot that can implant a, a chip in your head, which will allow you to access basically all the input and output of your brain.
That's what he says.
He's also a guy who can head up a company that can, can make reusable rockets.
He's also a guy who can head up a company that can dig really deep tunnels.
And also he's a guy who heads up a company that can make really great electric cars that are just so badass he made an electric truck too.
And it's all being done despite nobody's helping him, despite that the government doesn't give any contracts away, that there's no government funding.
I can do it anyway.
Despite the regulation, I can do it because I'm so good.
That's what we're supposed to believe with this guy.
You know, like we want the smallpox vaccine.
That was a good one.
Oh, we want?
Yeah, yeah.
Smallpox will kill you.
It's funny because I've got a book.
I've got a couple books from the early 1900s that don't talk about smallpox killing you.
Smallpox will kill you, says the rocket ship, electric car, tunneling.
battery RNA guy.
Don't forget that he's got an RNA factory too, kids.
Don't forget that he's got an RNA factory too, children.
What is going on here?
Killed a lot of people.
It killed a lot of people.
It used to be people would like... It was a good one, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, smallpox will kill you.
Killed a lot of people.
It killed a lot of people.
It used to be people would like...
A lot of people would die of smallpox and a lot of people would get polio.
For sure.
Yeah.
We had a president who had polio.
Can you imagine the possibility that Elon Musk is actually unaware that we don't give the smallpox vaccine anymore?
He just said that if we didn't have the smallpox vaccine, people would be dying of smallpox, not would have died.
Not that smallpox is gone.
He didn't say that.
We didn't, because we got rid of smallpox.
We haven't gotten rid of polio.
If he understood that biology, don't you think that's what he should have said?
And yet, if you listen carefully, that's not what he said.
He's talking about vaccines as if he doesn't even know.
A lot of people would die of smallpox and a lot of people would get polio.
For sure.
Yeah.
We had a president who had polio.
A lot of people would die of smallpox and a lot of people would get polio.
For sure.
Yeah.
We had a president who had polio.
Oh, yeah.
You meet people today in their 80s who were limping from childhood polio.
Boy, they sound convinced.
People would get polio vaccine.
That was a good one.
It seems a good one, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Smallpox will kill you.
Killed a lot of people.
It killed a lot of people.
A lot of people would die of smallpox, and a lot of people would get polio.
For sure.
Yeah.
The president had polio.
Oh, yeah.
You meet people today in their 80s who were limping from childhood polio.
I just want to be very clear.
Solar fire, nine.
If you are very smart and having a genius for assembling business schemes and spending other people's money, that's not a good enough explanation, and I'll tell you why.
Because even someone who's good at assembling business schemes and spending other people's money should not be able to get away with dressing up as Satan's first lieutenant with leather armor and an upside down black cross and baphomet on his chest.
That should be kind of like, okay, you're not really the businessman you said you were.
It just should be a full pop.
No, no different than Greg Glassman when he tweeted Floyd 19 and everybody got all mad because, Oh, that's not cool, man.
Floyd 19.
That's how Greg Glassman lost his franchise CrossFit was because he tweeted Floyd 19 when everybody was losing their mind.
And this mind loss was spreading around the United States.
I think it's a pretty clever tweet.
That was one example of censorship on Twitter in the beginning.
And so what we're dealing with here, ladies and gentlemen, is a big show with witting and unwitting participants.
People are aware that they're being played and people that are not aware they're being played.
When I first got called by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and offered a job consulting on that book, I thought it was the greatest day of my adult life.
And as I explained in my first red pill presentation, I dropped on the ground to my knees in the mud and was like in tears, because I thought, oh my gosh, I actually broke through.
And for a long time, I unwittingly fought on that team and played with that team, thinking that, OK, I'm not going to criticize everything they do.
I'm not going to speak out about it.
I'm not going to get angry about everything, because at least I've got a job.
At least I'm working for people.
and somebody's listening to me.
And now we're five years in and these same people are still there saying they're listening, saying they hear it, saying that they're fighting for the same things that they've been fighting for the last 10 years, but unable to explain why they haven't been able to make any progress.
That actually Elon Musk now says the same thing that a lot of these people were saying 10 years ago, including Mary Holland when she was on Democracy Now in 2015.
the same year that Peter Daszak and Shengxi Li published their paper about some kind of chimeric virus that they tested that's even better than SARS-1.
It's all one big show, ladies and gentlemen.
And once you can see it and put this in context, I think it's possible for anyone to lower a ladder to their friends and their family and help them get out without insults and without anger, but just questions like, what in the hell explains this?
It's good that we don't have that, and vaccines played a major role in that.
So that doesn't mean that vaccines should not have any scrutiny.
Of course we should be making sure that the quality control of vaccines is incredibly good, if we're giving them to children and whatnot.
And we shouldn't force people to take vaccines.
That itself is a controversial statement that we shouldn't force people.
We shouldn't force people to take vaccines.
We shouldn't force people to take vaccines is precisely, precisely what was accomplished and the message was in 2015.
It is exactly the message.
Even the movie Vaxxed really isn't the message that they are killing people, we need to stop all vaccines in America.
The message was, they're not tested, they're lying.
What did he say?
That itself is a controversial statement, that we shouldn't force people.
We shouldn't force people to take vaccines.
So talking about whether they should be mandated was also what we fought about in 2020.
Remember, we spent a whole year, there were lawsuits about it.
And in fact, CHD even filed a lawsuit about the mandate.
But there were lawyers all over the world that could have told you that that mandate won't hold, it won't hold in the military, it won't hold anywhere else.
But these people feigned as though it was necessary to take people to court, pretended that the order was real.
And to a certain extent it was, right?
Because there's a chain of command that has to follow.
And so again, is it the fault of the, should the military, the heads of the military been like, no, we're not going to do this because this is a bad idea.
When they were given orders.
I believe in freedom.
Yeah, I've noticed.
America's supposed to be the land of liberty.
Make no mistake about it, this is a foreigner cooperating with an American like so many times is happening here.
We really don't have an American leader, you know, like somebody who's American.
We have to have this guy.
Really?
The guy who dresses up as the devil's general for Halloween.
The guy who names his kids funny names.
The guy who, I mean, come on.
Freedom and opportunity.
So that we try to, as much as possible, maximize people's individual liberty.
And that we try to be a country where you succeed based on your talent and hard work.
Those are two fundamental values.
That's what's made America great.
And if we lose those, we will... Those are already gone.
The current manifestation of American culture is fake it until you make it.
That's what you need to realize.
That's what this guy is.
That's what Jeff Bezos was.
That's who Bill Gates is.
These people are just faking it until we accepted them.
Because they inherited a pile of money that they couldn't screw up.
There's a video of a German businessman who's on his private plane and he talks about how, you know, when you're like a multi-millionaire, if you're not a complete idiot, you can throw money out one window and more money comes in another window.
That's just how these things work.
That's why there's a Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and that's why there's a Bill and Melinda Gates Foundational Trust.
That's why.
One creates the public illusion that there's a good idea and there's a company with a good idea and there's a rich guy who wants to invest in it.
And then the other one invests in the company tenfold and reaps all of the benefits of the public investment of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation for Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation Trust.
And that's just one example of how this scam is run by these ultra rich people who have enough money to pay people to do this for them.
And he's no different.
If you could pay a group of people in a building to make money for you, then you would make more money.
But none of us have a staff to make money for us.
None of us have a staff that's willing to hire other people to go on social media to lie about us or to promote stories about us so that we, you know, our stock price rises or whatever.
None of us have that.
That's how this is all done.
they have competing networks.
Who can do it better?
Who's got the better surrogate set?
Right now, I think Elon Musk is smoking everybody on social media with the number of people who think he is the next king.
And it's also, of course, Donald Trump.
But Donald Trump is
It's hard for me to see him in the same light as I see these people who are obviously trying to game the system and actively doing it while pretending that they're coming to our rescue.
Whereas Donald Trump is fighting lawsuits and being threatened with jail.
And half the people in the United States think he's an idiot.
That's not really what we have here.
I'm one of the only people in the world who thinks this guy's an idiot.
Our decline will be swift.
What do you, if you had to bet, I mean, does freedom reassert itself in America or not?
Well, that's why I think part of why this election is so pivotal.
I think if we, with a Trump administration, I think we can improve the liberty of Americans.
I think we need to have sensible deregulation.
Was that not a yes or no question?
And yet we can improve the liberty of Americans and we need deregulation, which is exactly what Kevin McKernan was complaining about on the Vance Crowe podcast in 2020, that the FDA with their 10 page forms are really holding us back from saving the world.
Like all these things are just such a pain.
Says the guy who got to take free technology from his work for the Department of Energy and Human Genome Project in to make his own companies and get filthy rich from to have a house on the Atlantic Ocean.
I should really call it a mansion.
Like, come on, there's no way all these people, they haven't lost anything.
They're not risking anything.
And they're still in essence, preserving the narrative of the national security state that was basically established in the special virus cancer program with the AIDS program, with the human genome project.
This slow roll to getting everybody to buy into this idea that we need to take control of our evolution.
And we need to take control of the collective consciousness of humanity.
And technology is going to enable both.
Science is going to enable both of those things.
And that's what Desjardins and all of the people that promote him, think about him, like him, they all use this guy as one of their pillars.
Because he frames it in the context of God and Christianity.
And it's a very, very malevolent inversion, in my humble opinion.
Because it, in a lot of respects, makes people think not about themselves and their own choices and their own responsibility and their own role, but instead surrender to the collective consciousness, the collective ideal, the collective whatever, which really kind of absolves you from any responsibility in the end.
and encourages you to be judgmental of those around you, which is exactly the opposite of the teachings that I thought we were supposed to be promoting.
It's just very hard right now.
I haven't read all the books that I've got from eBay, and I've got a lot of reading to do, but I assure you that this is definitely the right direction, and these ideas, if not seminal and foundational to this group of
of meddlers and people trying to rule us beyond nation states.
These people are really, they stem from these people that have written books in the 50s and the 30s and the 60s about nation states being a pain in the butt.
They descend from these people and these are their latest iteration and their latest public manifestation, but that's it.
This is a long standing operation here.
where we keep the regulations that matter, like we don't want to destroy important habitats or encourage oil spills or anything like that.
But there are so many regulatory agencies that have overlapping responsibility that we are smothering progress.
And we can't build a high-speed rail in America.
You look at the ridiculous high-speed rail project in California.
where they've spent $7 billion and all they've got to show for it is a 1,600-foot section of concrete with no rails on it.
There's a picture of it online.
So it's not that fast yet.
We wouldn't say it's high speed at this point.
Or even rail.
It doesn't even have rail in it.
Maybe by now they've put some rail in it.
But it's this comically small section of rail.
Seven billion dollars has been spent.
Most of it in environmental consulting.
So what he's suggesting is that it is not the cooperation of private corporations and local officials and the EPA
to create what is essentially a traitorous robbing, just a traitorous level of public spending into the coffers of private corporation and private contractors.
It has nothing to do with the collective, you know, desire for these people to extract wealth from the American system or the California system.
It has nothing to do with that.
It's just the consequence of really bad regulation.
It couldn't be that they would put those regulations in there to make sure that it was really easy to siphon money and accomplish nothing.
That would be traitorous, right?
That would mean that traitors were in the government and traitors were pretending that the regulations, but he doesn't say that and he knows it.
He knows that's what's going on.
He knows that it's not private industry doing their best to cope with suffocating regulations.
It is a cooperative effort between the regulating agencies and these contractors to be able to expend exorbitant amounts of money doing nothing.
And then blame it on each other.
And he does the same thing with all of his subsidies and all of his businesses.
He's also taking massive amounts of money from the government, but then pretends that, you know, the reason why we don't do more with it is because the regulations are so hard.
You know, Kevin McKernan would already be done with all the pot genomes in the world and have already made personal strains for all of us if it wasn't for all the regulation he's under.
I don't know where, but clearly not in building high-speed rail.
There are so many different regulatory agencies and so many laws and regulations.
He's literally saying that there are no bad actors in California except for the regulatory agency.
There's nobody else.
It couldn't be elected officials that are grifting.
It couldn't be private contractors that are grifting.
Nothing like that.
It's just regulation.
Think about this.
And Tucker's not pushing back.
That prevent progress that, if this continues, we simply won't be able to get anything done.
It does seem like the engineers are not getting rich.
It's the environmental consultants, the climate consultants, the DEI consultants.
A whole consultant class seems to be getting richer by the year, where people with actual skills, the ones that bring actual progress.
Useful things, products and services that you can use.
Useful things, that's right.
Things that if you were traveling on a desert island, you'd want those people.
Right.
But you wouldn't want environmental consultants.
They seem undercompensated, though.
It's like, who are actual builders that get things done?
The builders.
Who are the builders?
And every year, we're making it harder in America for actual builders to get things done.
Actual builders.
He said it again.
Who are the builders?
where it's just yet another regulation, yet another rule.
And there's sort of that phrase in Atlas for Art, oh, you'll manage, oh, you'll manage, oh, you'll manage.
It's like eventually you can't get anything done.
Why the hostility, though, toward people with meaningful skills?
It's not a neutral posture they have.
And they're enriching themselves, obviously, by creating fake jobs because they have no skills.
And they don't have creative power.
So I understand that.
But why do they hate people who do have creative power and actual skills?
I don't understand that.
I don't even know the question.
It's such a dumb question.
It's difficult for me to put myself in a mindset.
Because I'm someone who believes in construction.
I build things.
That's what I do.
He's a builder.
Thousands of hours, tens of thousands of hours in factories, building a factory.
Tens of thousands of hours in factories, building factories.
He builds things.
Cars and rockets and internet in space.
Someone who would want to do crime, because I don't want to do crime.
I don't want to hurt, you know, there's some people who enjoy hurting other people.
I don't enjoy hurting other people.
So I have a hard time imagining why would somebody do that?
Yes.
That's just extraordinary.
I'm sorry, I'm not going to go any further.
Just remember what we're dealing with here.
This is you on X. And it doesn't matter how comfortable the chair is, or how nice the controller is, or how clear the goggle image is, or how smooth the chair pivots.
This is you on X.
And this is how I was on X for many, many years.
Now I just go on X to make sure that these people still have to work.
And you shouldn't follow me on X, because I'm not going to say anything useful there very often.
Because I think one of the only things to say is that these people are part of the system.
They're part of the military operation that is X. And without these people,
Without these people coordinating their lies, then when you took the goggles off, you wouldn't be left with what they want you to be left with, which is Anthony Fauci and PBS NewsHour and a few memories of some other people.
Every time you get off social media, what are you left with?
You're left with the stain of gain of function, and the stain of bad public health, and bad America, and the Middle East is bad, and this is bad, and we're all bad, and all kinds of bad things are gonna happen, and none of those are ladders out of the cave.
They're limited spectrums of debate created by our acquiescence to a military program called X.
Now I'm going to make contact with the family right now just very briefly to figure out what their plan is because I wanted to watch this video but I'm going to tell you right now, I'm going to copy it out first.
I'm going to put it in the chat.
I'm also going to upload a copy of this to PeerTube at some point.
There's the video.
It's three hours long and it's got less than 260 views.
I think this video is extremely worth watching just for the first 20 minutes that I watched last night.
But it's 10 to 2.
And because we have some other plans this evening, I was moving up basketball until 2 o'clock.
So it may be that my son is waiting to go to basketball and mom is not going to take him.
If mom takes him, then I could start the video for a little while.
So let me just check really quick to see what we're doing.
I swear it's only gonna be like 30 seconds.
All I gotta do is check.
Okay, I think it's probably smarter if I stop here and just tease you with the idea that we're going to watch this video and then you take it as homework.
Take this link and watch the video in the beginning and see if you can understand any of it or follow any of it and then we'll try to dissect it together.
I won't be able to do it today though because we have some things going on tonight that I can't really reschedule and are very important.
So, um, I'm sorry that I'm cutting the stream short right now.
I don't think it's the worst thing in the world, but, um, cause it was pretty solid.
I know I don't have to.
Yeah, but I've already done an hour and 31.
And if I start this three hour video now, it'll be too long.
Thank you though.
So yes, we need a new consensus about things in America and just remember that these people haven't helped us out.
I'm not going to play that again.
That's too often now.
You've heard Heather Haines say that many, many times.
She doesn't actually
say what you needed to say and they still haven't said it because they are actively misleading the young.
They needed to run the clock out on this so that people wouldn't figure out the truth that they always knew that there was going to be excess deaths and they wanted to explain it in their way.
That's why these people won't talk about any of these things and why they try to ignore me as much as possible.
And if they have the chance to make fun of me or something like that, of course they will.
But none of them will simply discuss that RNA cannot pandemic.
They won't talk about there's no difference between endemicity and a background if we don't have any data from before 2020.
They just won't talk about it because that will reveal their game, which is that, you know, we don't want to talk about those years.
Let's just say the COVID shots are bad and stick to that.
So we need a new consensus about the vaccine schedule in America.
If you liked what you saw, please try and find a way to share the stream.
Um, and, uh, if you want to support it, please go to giggle and biological.com and find a way to do so.
We need every little bit of support we can get.
We have lots of plans.
There is a meeting, a live live stream on the November 3rd, which is a Sunday on the same weekend that the Brownstone Institute is having a two-day gathering in Pittsburgh.
And so I would encourage you if you have any desire to be present and a live stream in an audience where maybe there will be potluck food or pizza ordered or maybe a barbecue afterward, please schedule and arrange for yourself to be in person here in Pittsburgh.
and send me an email or my wife Veerla an email and we'll get started with trying to help you figure out how to get here.
Thank you very much for joining me and I will see you again tomorrow.
Is that up?
Why isn't that on?
I'm gonna escape because I don't think that's working right.
Slideshow, current slide.
There we go.
Thank you.
Stop lying!
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.